By the way a place where this would have helped us is in our app from module two, from the basics module
where we also have a couple of add listeners for adding, subtracting, multiplying and so on and we have
to bind them to different functions here because whilst a lot of code is the same, we have some differences
here regarding the operation we perform and what we write to a log.
Now with if statements and dynamically bound values here, we could have merged this all into one function
which I quickly want to show you.
Here we could add a calculate function
and again you can use either function syntax, since I always use the function declaration syntax in this
file here,
I'll stick to it and there you could actually expect a value, let's say an operation parameter again, where
you check if operation is equal to add and you can use global constants of course
and if that is the case, then what you do is you perform this calculation,
else if operation is equal to subtract and you could use a switch case statement
in this example too by the way, you would do the same. Here
I see I copied the wrong code,
of course I want to copy the code from add here, so
let me do that,
that will be replaced here.
So we have the add code, we have the subtract code here,
else if operation is equal to multiply,
if that's the case, then we grab this multiplication code here, like this and in the else block, that
has to be the division, we grab that division code here, like that and now let's just grab that code which
is always the same where we get the entered number and the initial result, like this and now we have
this all in one function.
We can even shorten this a bit more by adding a new variable operator which we then set to a plus here
and which we set to a minus here and which we set to times here
and which we set to this divide operator here and that allows us to basically grab all the create and
write output calls here and write to log calls and remove them from there,
move that out of the else if block and here, use the operator variable we just worked on, here we can use
the operation which I expect to get as an argument because that should be add, subtract, multiply and so
on and therefore now, we have this all in one function which we now just have to bind down there,
so we always call calculate but we just have to make sure that the different value is passed in for
operation and that's now super easy to do,
we can just call bind here, this, again ignoring what this does
and then here we pass add and so on.
So down there, we pass in
subtract,
here we pass in multiply and here we pass in divide and now we can actually delete all the other functions
here,
so add, subtract and so on and just go with calculate
and if we save that and we reload, we'll have a calculator that works exactly as before but now with
the help of bind and if statements.
So this is now a way more concise way of writing this and it hopefully also shows why this might be useful
to have, why this might be nice to have.